7/15/2016 Patient: Christenson, Alan (MR#16743072) Printed by ALICANTE, SHANNON [S0089441]

COMPARISON: PET/CT, 3/17/2016.

PROCEDURE COMMENTS:
Tracer information:
Measured (injected) dose: 11.49 mCi.
Injection site: LAC.

Imaging information, imaging parameters, and additional medications:
Anatomical region: The area imaged included the nasal cavity level to
mid thighs.

Lasix: None.

Oral contrast: None.

IV contrast: None.

CT dose information: Based on a 32 cm phantom, the estimated
radiation dose (CTDIvol [mGy]) for each series in this exam is 0.13,
6.77, 14.68, 14.68, and 24.33. The estimated cumulative dose (DLP
[mGy-cm]) is 3212.

Scan technique: Following IV administration of the
radiopharmaceutical, images were acquired using the Siemens mCT
PET-CT scanner. A low-dose CT scan was performed for attenuation
correction and anatomic correlation only. If a comprehensive
diagnostic CT is required, the Department of Radiology should be
consulted for an adjunct CT study. Images were reconstructed and
reviewed in the axial, coronal, and sagittal planes. For descriptive
purposes, the maximum standard uptake value (SUV max) of
metabolically active tissues is reported in g/mL, unless stated
otherwise.

Baseline measurements:

Current mean liver SUV: 2.0 g/mL.

Prior mean liver SUV: 2.7 g/mL.

Current mean gluteal muscle SUV: 0.6 g/mL.
Prior mean gluteal muscle SUV: 0.9 g/mL.

FINDINGS:

Head and neck: Opacification in the left maxillary sinus,
considerations include mucous retention cyst versus polyp. The brain
was not included in the field of view. Physiologic FDG uptake is seen
in the ocular muscles, salivary glands, oropharynx, and vocal cords.
There are no pathologically enlarged cervical or supraclavicular
lymph nodes. The thyroid gland is unremarkable.

Thorax: Interval removal of the right lung mass with the area
replaced by non-FDG avid consolidative changes, as well as surgical
material in the right posterior paramediastinal/paravertebral region.
Diffuse, hypermetabolic activity in the posterior right lung, lateral
to the consolidation replacing the right lung mass, likely post
treatment changes. In the right lung, there is a 0.4 cm nodule in the
right upper lobe which appears to be new when compared to the prior
study, and has subtle FDG uptake, SUV 1.3, CT image 72. There is a
pneumothorax appreciated in the anterolateral right lung. Small right
pleural effusion. Physiologic FDG uptake is present in the
myocardium. The thoracic aorta and main pulmonary artery are normal
in caliber.

Abdomen and pelvis: Physiologic FDG uptake is present in the liver,
spleen, and bowel. The adrenal glands and pancreas are unremarkable
on the non-contrast CT. The kidneys, ureters, and urinary bladder are
visualized per clearance of the radiotracer. Intense signal from
excreted tracer limits evaluation for malignancy in the urinary
tract. The abdominal aorta is normal in caliber. There are no

https://prism.stanfordhealthcare.org/epiccarelink/epiccare/ord_detail.asp?from=ResultReview&Ndx=3 2/4
